- Please make it in time! - Please make it in time!
- Rin! - Rin!
Thank you, Rin.
Obito and I will be joining you shortly.
We can catch up then, the three of us together.
Rin…
This time, let's spend...
some alone time together.
Just you and me.
Kakashi would just be in the way.
I'll leave him here.
YOU BETTER…
Why?
I thought we had both resolved to…
Your power is still needed here!
We need to rebuild chakra again.
Mother, let's teleport to the Root Time-Space…
You'll recover faster there, too.
Why would you do this for someone useless like me?
Never mind that.
Kakashi, be wary of the enemy.
Naruto, Sasuke, and Sakura…
This is a crucial time for them.
Kakashi, you must survive and support the next generation.
It's too soon for you to die.
It's totally useless, Naruto.
He's a goner.
He'll rot away like trash and die.
Enough, Naruto.
He's right.
Don't waste your chakra.
Why do you sympathize with him?
He was originally your enemy, right?
Then again, he's a traitor to us now.
A loser on both sides.
Hated and resented by friend and foe alike,
with no one to call comrade or family…
He's alone, with nothing left.
He's lost everyone precious to him,
and he can't realize his dreams.
And after being used up, he's helpless at the end…
He's a fool, filled with nothing but mistakes…
You've done nothing but—!
You're right…
Rin…again…
I'll create a world where we can be together again.
I shall…
sever the nexuses…
of this world.
Now go on… Until I will be revived…
You shall be…
Who are you?
I am Madara Uchiha.
But a world of just victors, peace, and love…
Such a world can be created too.
If you allow us to collaborate, you can learn how.
Let's go, Konan… Nagato.
We can't trust these guys!
Don't ever approach us again!
You'll eventually realize it too.
Who are you?
You are going to be very useful to me.
RIN NOHARA
Summoning Jutsu!
Minato Sensei…
I hereby declare the start of the Fourth Great Ninja War.
They each have formidable strength.
And I have even more up my sleeve.
So be it. We will join forces with you.
They will know despair thoroughly.
You're right.
It's an end worthy of the criminal that I am.
My Visual Prowess is back!
We've been here before!
Did she change worlds again?!
Naruto!
Naruto, I'll handle the diversions this time.
He's beyond help.
Come with me.
I'm going on ahead!
Damn it! Damn it!
Damn it!
That's enough.
Thank you, Naruto
After fighting you, I feel like I've woken up.
You and I are both powerless shinobi.
You…
no, I should say everyone…
will eventually end up like me.
I'll never end up like you!
How many times do I have to tell you?!
My dream is to become the Hokage!
There is no reason to keep on fighting for a world like this.
In a few minutes, this world will be gone anyway.
Why do you still fight?!
Because it's my Ninja Way.
I never go back on my word.
Don't overdo it. Let's call it a day.
No, I'm not giving up.
Didn't I make a promise?
That I'm gonna become the Hokage!
Really…
It was as if I saw my past self when I looked at you.
And I regret what I am now.
But for some reason, it also made me happy.
As a kid, I would imagine myself as Hokage so often.
That indescribable feeling of exhilaration and anxiety…
I think you brought that all back for me.
Don't cry, Obito. You'll get laughed at.
I know.
Besides, the world of shinobi is all about fighting.
It's nowhere near a peaceful world.
And I'll put an end to it, no matter what.
Hey, you're not the only ones.
Don't forget that we're here too.
Yeah, that's right.
Rin… I…
What's that?
The higher-ups have decided.
Obito, you're going to be the next Hokage.
But you're just as qualified…
A supportive role suits me better.
I'm sure Rin would say the same thing.
But if you screw up, I won't hesitate
to step up as a candidate to become the next Hokage.
What?!
Do your best!
RIN NOHARA
This is driving me crazy!
All this paperwork day in and day out.
That can't be helped… You're the Hokage now.
Besides, something like this sure beats having to fight every day.
That's for sure.
It's the Hokage!
Lord Hokage! Hello!
Lord Hokage, are you on your rounds?
Well, yes.
Yeah, right!
You're just goofing off, right?
Speak for yourself!
What?!
Wanna make something of it?
Cut it out!
Why did you hit only me?
Because you were rude to Lord Hokage!
Seriously… It's so peaceful, thanks to you.
Not just me.
It's everyone who did their best to support the village.
It would be nice to talk to Rin someday.
Yeah.
Imagining the village, friends, and me as the Hokage…
Even after all that's happened…
Just the thought of it seems to fill up the hole in my heart.
Maybe it's because it's the end,
I find myself rambling all of a sudden.
Ouch!
Don't act tough and hide your wounds.
I'm always watching you.
You promised me that you would become Hokage, Obito.
Listen, I want to stop this war too.
I really want to save the world.
So I've decided to stick by your side and watch over you.
You told me saving you
was the same as saving the world, remember?
Yeah!
Since I'm keeping an eye on you,
you can't hide anything from me anymore.
Okay! Okay!
Go for it, Obito!
Become Hokage and show me how you'll save the world.
That's another promise!
Let's go!
A lot more suffering likely awaits you, Naruto.
But don't ever change and hang on to your Ninja Way.
You once told me that
never going back on your word is your Ninja Way, right?
Yeah…
Naruto…
You better...
become Hokage!
Yeah!
The vermin traitor has finally died, eh?
He was vermin and persistent as a cockroach.
Don't laugh at Obito!
Naruto…
Naruto… If you keep resisting,
you'll end up pitifully crumbling to ash just like him!
As someone who tried to become Hokage,
Obito is nothing but…
awesome to me!
Rin!
I've been waiting.
Really?
Sorry, I made you wait.
Seems you got lost along the way.
Yeah…
A lot of things happened before I could come here.
Rin, you know...
that promise I made to you…
No, you did your best!
I've been watching you all along!
Let's go!
Come on, Obito.
Rin, do you mind waiting just a little longer?
Obito?
Only a little bit before we move on…
I'd like to make one more detour along the way.
Really… Who do you want to save this time?
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "The Sharingan Revived"
I'll be waiting, right here.
THE SHARINGAN REVIVED Tune in again!